[Music]
well I'm here right now on the golden
Guardians move-in day with the star of
the 2016 Yahoo eSports Scouting grants
documentary definitely definitely you
know not everybody has had a chance to
see that amazing piece of work and so
they don't know too much about you maybe
they've heard about you from challenger
so what's your background how did you
end up on golden Guardians so how I
ended up on golden Guardians was that I
played in Scouting grounds last year and
or was it two years ago I don't know
it's been a while yeah but right after
that I got picked up by United I played
two seasons with them we barely
qualified from to the LCS
we lost twice sadly and now here I am on
the LCS so what do you think of this
lineup of guys you guys are the only
that I can think of North American full
North American roster so you know what
do you think of sort of your situation
and joining up with these guys being on
an org that's Scott Colan state where
he's behind out the whole deal I think
it's really interesting for me at least
because like I'm a rookie coming into
this and I'm getting to play with like
four veteran players so there's a lot
for me to learn and I think because of
that I'm I feel like I have a lot or I
can put my ceiling rather high for this
season and I'm expecting a lot for
myself and you what do you think is the
particular teammates that you guys have
and you know what your potential
relationship would can be with these
guys over the course of the year I
haven't met most of them but from the
like few encounters that I've had with
some of them they all seem really really
nice so that's something I'm really
looking forward to anyone in particular
you know I guess what are the
interesting things is you've got high on
this team who's been to Worlds been to
all-stars this kind of lauded as this
shot-caller was it gonna be like working
with him it's pretty funny I actually
got to work with high in Argentina for
some cloud9 tournament back when I was
playing on there like C team it was
really interesting to work with him he
he
he kind of plays the game in a way that
like I've never seen anyone else he kind
of like micromanages everybody which i
think is really really good for someone
like me a new player and yeah I'm
excited to work with hi what's it been
like for you on this path here because
you know I'm sure talking to your
parents about going after this whole
thing going to scouting around being in
challenger and now you know that you're
gonna be playing on the main stage and
the LCS next year you know what has this
sort of path been like the path for me
has been definitely really bumpy since
tea splits like a challenger didn't
qualify us for LCS but like regardless
of that Here I am in the LCS now and I'm
really hungry to prove myself I've
noticed that there are a lot of very
cocky ad carries on the na LCS and a lot
of very humble ad carries in the NA LCS
so we'll find out which one you are when
I ask you how good of an ad carry are
you gonna be this this year and you know
where would you place yourself in the
top ten right now I put myself top ten
you know yes in the top ten very very
big deal but I think by the end of the
year I should be able to be like a top
three top four ad carry oh this is a
confidence I like to hear anything that
you would say to any of the prospective
golden Guardians fans or somebody's kind
of curious about about you and checking
out the team before the start of the
split well to the fans I hope that you
guys have high expectations for our team
and I'm gonna try my hardest to deliver
good results good thank you so much for
the interview definitely great meeting
you here and looking forward to seeing
your performance on the stage next year
especially if you make it into that top
three top 480 carries like you like you
said for everyone else you can check out
the rest of our coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
thank you so much for watching my
interviews and supporting me during this
difficult time it's not that difficult
actually things are fine but you can
continue to support me by subscribing to
my youtube channel or just heading over
to Travis Khafre comm slash support